Added Introduction section (#2725)
astropy/astroquery: docs/mast/mast.rst

MAST Queries (`astroquery.mast`)
********************************

Introduction
============

Astroquery.mast is a module available through the Astroquery Python toolkit. To 
install Astroquery, follow the instructions detailed 
`here <https://astroquery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.

> 

Reviewer: While the opening index page should be revamped (see e.g. https://github.com/astropy/astroquery/issues/2555)
Mast is not really a standalone thing in astroquery, so this introduction is somewhat out of the place, we don't provide install instructions on each subpage.

Reviewer 2: We'd like to add a "basic overview" and description of the `mast` tool similar to what ESA JWST has [here](https://astroquery.readthedocs.io/en/latest/esa/jwst/jwst.html) for those who are new to the tool. Makayla has removed the installation instructions since those are already available in the Index, but we'd like to push this Introductions section to main, and perhaps we can move this blurb into the index once #2555 turns to in-progress.

MAST Queries (`astroquery.mast`)
********************************

Introduction
============

The Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes (MAST) is a NASA funded project made to 

> collect and archive a variety of scientific data to support the astronomical community.

Reviewer 2: The data housed in MAST includes science and engineering data

> The Archive stores an incredible amount of data from over 20 space-based missions.

Reviewer 2: Try "wide-ranging" instead of "incredible"

> Astropy's astroquery.mast module is one tool used to access the data in this Archive.
> This module is available through Astropy's Astroquery Python toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astroquery's astroquery.mast module is one tool used to access the data in this Archive.
```
